https://github.com/search?q=powershell 	 https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?q=powershell 	 https://github.com/Azure/azure-powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?q=powershell 	 https://github.com/lazywinadmin/PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?q=powershell 	 https://github.com/clymb3r/PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?q=powershell 	 https://github.com/danielbohannon/Invoke-Obfuscation.git 
https://github.com/search?q=powershell 	 https://github.com/PowerShellMafia/PowerSploit.git 
https://github.com/search?q=powershell 	 https://github.com/RamblingCookieMonster/PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?q=powershell 	 https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs.git
https://github.com/search?q=powershell 	 https://github.com/janikvonrotz/awesome-powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=2&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/PowerShell/vscode-powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=2&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/Mr-Un1k0d3r/PowerLessShell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=2&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/pnp/PnP-PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=2&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=2&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/dracula/powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=2&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/pnp/powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=2&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/adbertram/Random-PowerShell-Work.git 
https://github.com/search?p=2&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/BornToBeRoot/PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=2&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/microsoftgraph/powershell-intune-samples.git 
https://github.com/search?p=3&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/Viralmaniar/Powershell-RAT.git 
https://github.com/search?p=3&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/EmpireProject/Empire.git 
https://github.com/search?p=3&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/nullbind/Powershellery.git 
https://github.com/search?p=3&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/MicksITBlogs/PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=3&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/Cn33liz/p0wnedShell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=3&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs.git 
https://github.com/search?p=3&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/Azure/azure-docs-powershell-samples.git 
https://github.com/search?p=3&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/SublimeText/PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=3&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/NetSPI/PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=4&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/ZHacker13/ReverseTCPShell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=4&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/mattifestation/PowerShellArsenal.git 
https://github.com/search?p=4&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/Kevin-Robertson/Invoke-TheHash.git 
https://github.com/search?p=4&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/PyroTek3/PowerShell-AD-Recon.git 
https://github.com/search?p=4&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/Mr-Un1k0d3r/RedTeamPowershellScripts.git 
https://github.com/search?p=4&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/rvrsh3ll/Misc-Powershell-Scripts.git 
https://github.com/search?p=4&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/gangstanthony/PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=4&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/rootclay/Powershell-Attack-Guide.git 
https://github.com/search?p=4&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/sous-chefs/powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=5&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/Snow-Shell/servicenow-powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=5&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/JanDeDobbeleer/oh-my-posh2.git 
https://github.com/search?p=5&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs-powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=5&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/stank58/Powershell-Scripts.git 
https://github.com/search?p=5&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/johnthebrit/PowerShellMC.git 
https://github.com/search?p=5&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/MikeFal/PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=5&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/VeeamHub/powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=5&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/Azure/azure-docs-powershell-azuread.git 
https://github.com/search?p=5&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/PowerShell/platyPS.git 
https://github.com/search?p=6&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShellEditorServices.git
https://github.com/search?p=6&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/Azure-Samples/powerbi-powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=6&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/mikefrobbins/PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=6&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/R3MRUM/PSDecode.git 
https://github.com/search?p=6&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/FuzzySecurity/PSKernel-Primitives.git 
https://github.com/search?p=6&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/S3cur3Th1sSh1t/Amsi-Bypass-Powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=6&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/microsoft/ReportingServicesTools.git 
https://github.com/search?p=6&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/enigma0x3/Misc-PowerShell-Stuff.git 
https://github.com/search?p=7&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/Arno0x/PowerShellScripts.git 
https://github.com/search?p=7&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShellGetv2.git 
https://github.com/search?p=7&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/OneLogicalMyth/zeroday-powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=7&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/psake/psake.git 
https://github.com/search?p=7&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/PowerShell/PSReadLine.git 
https://github.com/search?p=7&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/marzme/PowerShell_ISE_Themes.git 
https://github.com/search?p=7&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/microsoft/powerbi-powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=7&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/danielbohannon/Revoke-Obfuscation.git 
https://github.com/search?p=7&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/mmessano/PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=8&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/bwya77/PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=8&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/poshbotio/PoshBot.git 
https://github.com/search?p=8&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/adamdriscoll/selenium-powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=8&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/kmkz/PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=8&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/p3nt4/PowerShdll.git 
https://github.com/search?p=8&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/cheetz/Easy-P.git 
https://github.com/search?p=8&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/lukebaggett/dnscat2-powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=8&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell-RFC.git 
https://github.com/search?p=8&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/microsoft/PowerShellForGitHub.git 
https://github.com/search?p=9&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell-Docker.git 
https://github.com/search?p=9&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/imabdk/PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=9&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/interference-security/empire-web.git 
https://github.com/search?p=9&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/NetSPI/Powershell-Modules.git 
https://github.com/search?p=9&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/cunninghamp/Powershell-Exchange.git 
https://github.com/search?p=9&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/pester/Pester.git 
https://github.com/search?p=9&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/microsoft/Docker-PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=9&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/the-xentropy/xencrypt.git 
https://github.com/search?p=9&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/microsoft/PowerShell-DSC-for-Linux.git 
https://github.com/search?p=10&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/samratashok/ADModule.git 
https://github.com/search?p=10&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/gscales/Powershell-Scripts.git 
https://github.com/search?p=10&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/michevnew/PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=10&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/dfinke/ImportExcel.git 
https://github.com/search?p=10&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/cloudbase/powershell-yaml.git 
https://github.com/search?p=10&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/klsecservices/Invoke-Vnc.git 
https://github.com/search?p=10&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/EmpireProject/PSInject.git 
https://github.com/search?p=10&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/OmerYa/Invisi-Shell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=10&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/ktaranov/naming-convention.git 
https://github.com/search?p=11&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/microsoftgraph/msgraph-sdk-powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=11&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/obscuresec/PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=11&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/zloeber/Powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=11&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/nightroman/Invoke-Build.git 
https://github.com/search?p=11&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/samratashok/nishang.git 
https://github.com/search?p=11&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/securethelogs/RedRabbit.git 
https://github.com/search?p=11&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/robotechredmond/Azure-PowerShell-Snippets.git 
https://github.com/search?p=11&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/NetSPI/PowerUpSQL.git 
https://github.com/search?p=11&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/Scine/Office365.git 
https://github.com/search?p=12&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/ironmansoftware/universal-dashboard.git 
https://github.com/search?p=12&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/lemtek/Powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=12&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/MattHodge/Graphite-PowerShell-Functions.git 
https://github.com/search?p=12&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/nicolonsky/Techblog.git 
https://github.com/search?p=12&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/pldmgg/misc-powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=12&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/arcanecode/PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=12&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/praetorian-inc/pentestly.git 
https://github.com/search?p=12&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/RamblingCookieMonster/PSDepend.git 
https://github.com/search?p=12&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/mikemaccana/powershell-profile.git
https://github.com/search?p=13&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/d1pakda5/PowerShell-for-Pentesters.git 
https://github.com/search?p=13&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/FriendsOfMDT/PSD.git 
https://github.com/search?p=13&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/danielbohannon/Invoke-CradleCrafter.git 
https://github.com/search?p=13&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/darkoperator/powershell_scripts.git 
https://github.com/search?p=13&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/benpiper/aws-powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=13&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/SadProcessor/SomeStuff.git 
https://github.com/search?p=13&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/stefanstranger/PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=13&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/nickrod518/PowerShell-Scripts.git 
https://github.com/search?p=14&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=14&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/DevScope/powerbi-powershell-modules.git 
https://github.com/search?p=14&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/dfinke/powershell-for-developers.git 
https://github.com/search?p=14&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/mdsecactivebreach/PowerDNS.git 
https://github.com/search?p=14&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/Infocyte/PSHunt.git 
https://github.com/search?p=14&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/kunaludapi/Powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=14&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/sushihangover/SushiHangover-PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=14&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/BC-SECURITY/Starkiller.git 
https://github.com/search?p=14&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/A-mIn3/WINspect.git 
https://github.com/search?p=15&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/aws/aws-tools-for-powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=15&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/thoemmi/7Zip4Powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=15&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/WiredPulse/PowerShell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=15&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/jrussellfreelance/powershell-scripts.git 
https://github.com/search?p=15&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/mattifestation/PSSysmonTools.git 
https://github.com/search?p=15&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/Azure/autorest.powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=15&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/sagarv26/powershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=15&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/KurtDeGreeff/PlayPowershell.git 
https://github.com/search?p=15&q=powershell&type=Repositories 	 https://github.com/hausec/PowerZure.git 
